Raw data has been downloaded from: https://www.kaggle.com/kingburrito666/shakespeare-plays according to the project description

Data:
We load the .csv file into Pandas using the following command:
pd.read_csv(r"C:\Users\Eric\Documents\EECS 731\Project 2\data\archive\Shakespeare_data.csv")

Now we need to formulate one or two ideas on how feature engineering would help the data set to establish additional value using exploratory data analysis.

Goal: 
Build one or more classification models to determine the player using the other columns as features

We have the following header information for the play file:
Dataline 	Play 	PlayerLinenumber 	ActSceneLine 	Player 	PlayerLine

Ideas:
How might this help our goal of determining the player using the other columns as features?
We could extrapolate the most common words said by a player?
We could also extrapolate which player shows up in which play. 
Maybe also find out how often a player shows up? Weight it more towards frequent players.

Thus, if we know the line of the play, the play itself, and the frequency of which players show up we might be able to extrapolate out the player.

After looking over the data, doing some thinking and trying to split it up well I've decided that common words probably won't be very helpful here to be honest.
I'll try to focus on getting which players show up in which plays and the number of times they show up. 

Implementation:
I'll be trying StatsModels first as I'll have more numerical data based on each play and number of lines a player speaks. I think this'll work better than trying to interpet each player's line
I'd also like to try Text classificationwith PyTorch 'TorchText'
 - One hot encoding on play column? Probably too late to try this

 I'm going to limit the search to Hamlet's play for now. This way I'm not stuck running over the entire data set.
 Thus, my goal is to predict the player when given a line from Hamlet

 Results:
 Text Classification - FAILURE
 I don't know if it's my inexperience with Python or total lack of understanding of PyTorch TorchText but I've spent hours trying to muddle something together and I can't get
 any data set to be loaded into the test program. I'm extremely frustrated by this because I think this was my best shot as Text Classification seems like the ideal solution.
 The test data, news sources, looks promising but